docs: improve Atlas + ent/GORM docs (#955)
encoredev/encore: docs/how-to/atlas-gorm.md

}
```

Next, we need to create the `atlas-gorm-loader` script referenced above.

> It will use Atlas's provided [atlas-provider-gorm](https://github.com/ariga/atlas-provider-gorm) library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will use the [atlas-provider-gorm](https://github.com/ariga/atlas-provider-gorm) library provided by Atlas.
```

## Creating migrations

> To wrap things up, we'll create a script to automate the process of generating migrations.
> 
> Create the script as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To wrap things up, let's create a script to automate the process of generating migrations:
```

```
-- blog/scripts/generate-migration --
#!/bin/bash
set -eu
DB_NAME=blog
MIGRATION_NAME=${1:-}

SCRIPT_DIR=$( cd -- "$( dirname -- "${BASH_SOURCE[0]}" )" &> /dev/null && pwd )

# Reset the shadow database
encore db reset --shadow $DB_NAME

# GORM executes Go code without initializing Encore when generating migrations,
# so configure the Encore runtime to be aware that this is expected.
export ENCORERUNTIME_NOPANIC=1

# Generate the migration
atlas migrate diff $MIGRATION_NAME --env local --dev-url "$(encore db conn-uri --shadow $DB_NAME)&search_path=public"
```

> Finally make the script executable, and generate our first migration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally let's make the script executable, and generate our first migration:
```
